He actually blocked it.
How is that possible?
Genius
An iron sword
One ordinary martial skill
It actually blocked the riot and the divine power of the heavenly horse
The Son of God actually lost
You lacquered trash
With a pile of garbage
It actually blocked my fatal blow
That's not possible.
Holy Son, your killing move is nothing more than that, right?
Kill you
Where is this kid fighting?
Enter the leisurely theater department one move at a time
Clearly teasing the clouds like a child
It is said that the person who is broken in love is dead
Then you are no wonder
To kill you
Why is the Great Protector eager?
Don't even hum the rules
I will learn from Yin Sect to treat you as a guest
It is carefully arranged for hunting for you
You deliberately conceal your strength
It is clear that you humiliated my Xuanyin Sect
Why not let you succeed?
Hahaha, there is no excuse for the sin you want to add.
But if you have to think so
Then I'll break your wish
Hey uncle
I'm going to kill you